README.md, before:

# This repo has been moved to https://github.com/PNNL-Comp-Mass-Spec/BP-Quant. 

BP-Quant
========

Background
---------

Here, we present the implementation of a Bayesian model (BP-Quant) that uses statistically derived peptides signatures to identify peptides that are outside the dominant pattern, or the existence of multiple over-expressed patterns to improve relative protein abundance estimates. It is a research-driven approach that utilizes the objectives of the experiment, defined in the context of a standard statistical hypothesis, to identify a set of peptides exhibiting similar statistical behavior relating to a protein. This approach infers that changes in relative protein abundance can be used as a surrogate for changes in function, without necessarily taking into account the effect of differential post-translational modifications, processing, or splicing in altering protein function. BP-Quant is available as MatLab ® and R packages here. 

Example Code Scripts
--------------------
Example data and scripts for the R function, can be found in teh R Function folder.

Commit message:

Add contact and license info

README.md, after:

BP-Quant
========

Background
---------

Here, we present the implementation of a Bayesian model (BP-Quant) that uses statistically derived peptides signatures to identify peptides that are outside the dominant pattern, or the existence of multiple over-expressed patterns to improve relative protein abundance estimates. It is a research-driven approach that utilizes the objectives of the experiment, defined in the context of a standard statistical hypothesis, to identify a set of peptides exhibiting similar statistical behavior relating to a protein. This approach infers that changes in relative protein abundance can be used as a surrogate for changes in function, without necessarily taking into account the effect of differential post-translational modifications, processing, or splicing in altering protein function. BP-Quant is available as MatLab ® and R packages here. 

Example Code Scripts
--------------------
Example data and scripts for the R function, can be found in the R Functions folder.


## Contacts

Written by Lisa Bramer and Bobbie-Jo Webb-Robertson (PNNL, Richland, WA) \
E-mail: 
* [Bobbie-Jo](https://www.pnnl.gov/contacts/staffinfo.asp?uid=FF7D1B08D7B2E44FA6F02265AD63AB1B)
* [Lisa](https://www.pnnl.gov/contacts/staffinfo.asp?uid=F51A431456484F43A317D3CF0E4FE11D)

## License

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0; 
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain 
a copy of the License at https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0
